hello everyone my name is orlando tabaré
We'm workshop will nativity scenes
work a manger in cardboard is very
Easy, very easy, everyone can do it
At home we will use cardboard
This is a recycled cardboard and we can
see if what we have to take into account
is that it is not broken that is not
bent and we will use rule one
metal rule and a scalpel first thing
what you must do to make the manger
is to transfer the molds that you have
previously downloaded from internet to
paperboard
well here we have all the molds
what we require for our work
these molds can get them in
our facebook page that is called
orla tabares cardona or in a group that
we have what is called a crib workshop
Colombia always take into account
that the doors and windows remain
chords to our characters with the
Ready pieces start assembling the
manger
Well, here I have the largest base
I'm going to paste it
this part as it is recycled has
thrown out
then we go for this lateral we are going to
hit with this other then we go with this
another part of the arch
we are going to included here
here we have a small part that is the
We're going to put something on the roof now
to paste everything was like that in our
in the 11th
and then we have this little part that
it is a small floor that is internal
same base from below the largest the
we have cut
the only portal
so that the highlight
let's use a stucco
This is your very easy to get
you can get it at any
hardware store
if not
This is your elbow, add a
teaspoon of glue and a teaspoon
little
to make a ring once our piece is dry
about two hours later we're going to paint it
everything in good white is already dry
white paint and we're going to use a
color this color is called tan
which is a translucent color that is
very
very clear that we are going to join with a
Brush
and we remove it with a cloth
good some parts like some
corners we can apply again
and this helps us to give depth to the
project what
I will paint the entire part of the floor
with this painting that is yellow ocher
once dry the yellow ocher we are going to
give the tan an aged
after getting old we are going to do
shadows the shadows we make them with
black vinyl water of quite water
then we will apply in the corners
and we are going to blur it
this also gives a lot of realism are going
locating the figures what we have the
idea of ​​all these projects services
go telling stories
as life
it does not have to be all that strict
and looking and so finally it will be
Ready your pc if like Orlando
you have some craft that
teach us write to the magazine
gmail.com dotcom that we
We will share your
knowledge with other viewers
through our program